Update organizationalbranding with contentCustomization property (#21248)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/organizationalbranding-update.md

| backgroundColor | String | Color that appears in place of the background image in low-bandwidth connections. We recommend that you use the primary color of your banner logo or your organization color. Specify this in hexadecimal format, for example, white is `#FFFFFF`. |
| backgroundImage | Stream | Image that appears as the background of the sign-in page. The allowed types are PNG or JPEG not smaller than 300 KB and not larger than 1920 × 1080 pixels. A smaller image will reduce bandwidth requirements and make the page load faster. |
| bannerLogo | Stream | A banner version of your company logo that appears on the sign-in page. The allowed types are PNG or JPEG not larger than 36 × 245 pixels. We recommend using a transparent image with no padding around the logo. |

> | contentCustomization | [contentCustomization](../resources/contentCustomization.md) | Represents the various content options to be customized throughout authentication for a tenant. <br/><br/>**NOTE:** Supported by 'Azure Active Directory for customers' tenants only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| contentCustomization | [contentCustomization](../resources/contentcustomization.md) | Represents the various content options to be customized throughout the authentication flow for a tenant. <br/><br/>**NOTE:** Supported by Azure Active Directory for customers tenants only. |
```
